Cloudy snow see
This is a member of the Zhongdu Luo family, the first family in Longcheng
Throughout Zhongzhou
Probably only Shanshan can let them give gifts
What's going on here?
Why did the sunset suddenly send a congratulatory gift?
Hey, look at that crazy woman
Sunset is here
If he doesn't hurry up
Shameless
Come back quickly
Or break your leg and throw it out
Are you so sure about this gift?
Is it for Luo Shanshan?
Otherwise, is it still a gift for you?
That's right, Luo Yingxue
You should find your place
When you are a village girl, go up the mountain and be a village girl
Don't pester me here
It's Roy Xuan
You streaked on the hot search two days ago
Now it's messing around again
I really don't want any face at all
If I Were You
I've already found a place to get in and have no face to meet people
Wife
He's a stinky village girl
Where else would you want a face?
Laugh.
Hope you can still laugh later
Ruo Shanshan
I'll ask you again.
This step
It's for you.
Whatever.
Make it through the engagement party no matter what
Then get the money from the Yang family and fly away
Of course, I am the eldest lady of the Shendu Luo family
Of course this gift is for me
You are so shameless
Do you know what's in this gift box?